in the calculation data tab you can
make the modification of the draft
to add deductions for rent
of housing in the menu direct links
to the sections of the modification
locate the deductions option
then I located the option by
rental of the habitual residence
to enter the data click on
the new window icon that appears next
to the box corresponding to the part
state or autonomic
press again any of the icons
Modification options
deduction for housing rental
usual and you will access the window
data entry
complete the fields that conform to
your situation on the screen
data entry
click on accept to validate the
information
and the modifications made are
show the background in the right column
orange indicates that this box has been
modified click on accept to
continue with the modification
If you want to make more modifications in
Your draft should be done before
this tab calculation data
If you do not click continue
access the calculation results tab
in this tab we will verify the
modifications made
and the result of the draft after
changes if you want to make more
modifications
press change data to follow
modifying the draft
if you have finished with the modifications
click continue
in the last step you will have to facilitate
the bank account for the refund or
select the payment method
keep in mind that you must provide the
code iván of your bank account the
Ivan is made up of four characters
initials and the customer account number
20 digits if you have doubts about which
is the code iván of your account see
with the bank
press general draft to get the
new draft that will pick up the changes
realized